Add instructions to use Google Auth (#1021)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Technical Reference.md

Select `Submit` and your search domain should now be open to the public.

### Use Google to sign into Quilt

> You can configure your Quilt stack to authenticate with Google. Follow these [instructions](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent) to (1) enable Gmail APIs and (2) create authorization credentials to identify your Quilt stack to Google's OAuth 2.0 server.

Reviewer: please break these lines at 80 characters (one newline becomes space when the paragraph is rendered).
otherwise these sentences are very clumsy to edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable users on your Google domain to sign in to Quilt. Refer to [Google's instructions on OAuth2 user agents](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent) and complete the following:

1. Enable Gmail APIs
1. Create authorization credentials to identify your Quilt stack to Google's OAuth 2.0 server.
```

01234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789

> You can configure your Quilt stack to authenticate to authenticate with Google. Follow these [instructions](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent) to (1) enable Gmail APIs and (2) create authorization credentials to identify your Quilt stack to Google's OAuth 2.0 server.

Reviewer 2: duplicate "to authenticate"

> You can configure your Quilt stack to authenticate to authenticate with Google. Follow these [instructions](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent) to (1) enable Gmail APIs and (2) create authorization credentials to identify your Quilt stack to Google's OAuth 2.0 server.

Reviewer 2: "Google APIs"
